Assignment Number: 1
Assignment Name: Time Keeps On Tickin'
Date Completed:2-16-08

Partner 1 Name: Christopher Wilcox	
Partner 1 Login: wilcox	
Partner 1 Lecturer's Name:Hasti
Partner 1 Lab Section:316

Partner 2 Name:none
Partner 2 Login:none
Partner 2 Lecturer's Name:none
Partner 2 Lab Section:none

   1. What happens if the value of the base is less than the start value in the constructor of your Timer class? Is this reasonable? 
	If so, justify why. If not, propose a reasonable way to handle this situation (it doesn't have to be Java code; an English description is fine).
   
	Answer: If the value of the base is less than the start value in the constructor, the start value is out of range. 
		It is not reasonable for our start value to be out of range.  This would work, but is not reasonable.  We could have the program get rid
		of anything over the base value, or have an error statement come if this happens.



   2. Suppose we had asked you to name your Timer class Counter instead.  
	Would that have caused any problems with using your class with the other classes in this assignment?  Why or why not?
	
	Answer: Yes.  Other classes link to the Timer class by using its name.  This would cause me to review all the classes and change
		all instances of Timer to Counter in every class.



   3. What method(s) do you think would be necessary to extend the Timer class so that it could count downward (as well as upward)?
  How would you implement the method(s)?

	Answer: a decrement method would be needed.  it would require a method looking like the one below.



   4. What happens if you give a negative value to the tick method of the StopWatch class?
	
	Answer: Tick allows you to move in a backward direction.  It prints the values.


   5. Suppose we wish to create a class to keep track of distance traveled in yards, feet, and inches (such as 15 yards 2 feet 4 inches). 
	How could the Timer and/or StopWatch be used to implement this? What modifications (if any) would need to be made to one or both classes?
	
	Answer:They would be able to do the same thing.  The only major change would be the bases of the numbers
		inches would be like seconds with a base of 12
		feet would be like minutes with a base of 3
		yards would be like hours with a base of about 1760
		we would remove days entirely or make days into miles 



   6. What happens if you run the stopwatch for 86,400,000 seconds? Why does this happen?

	Answer: It cycles entirely
		86,400,000 = 1000 days.  The watch can only handle 999 days.  This is an overflow error. 